for the realization of the chopsticks we go
already finish well at the labor camp
is there
a little bit not one on the dough that has
welcome we will go down the fat one
poles apart to pour it on
the contract but we provide them very
slightly
and here we will be able to develop four
paws on
to be sure my chopsticks are from
same frozen size weigh they make
all about 300 g
here
so how am I going to be able to move on to
face tumbling so for that I use a
secret release of the mark
scrapbooking which is partner of
dawn
it's still more practical than that
do not put your finger and I'll hold you
the surplus with an art ya 200 years ago we're going
prepare the work plan
we will take a money we will clear
with the palm of the hand
typing hard enough but not too much no
more and then I was rolled without much
greenhouse
here and we will form the key the little
welding with the roofs we think
bewilderment here finally a little bit
hands we will try from the
center and we're going to get bigger by going
to the ends
thank you yes there foot to put in well
below
not
in France with others including four
chopsticks are in the mold
we're going to dream moisten the tea towel
see you later
well the evenings then we give them
place on the chopsticks and even in
savoie in the fridge for the whole night
so the next morning we'll go
allow the fried lick at the bottom of the oven
and we will preheat so in heat
fixed what are the two traits are just
I even made them my maximum at 250 so
there my oven and eschau I go out my
chopsticks
I see that they have really swell
during the night I will be able to
greens is there by doing some
notches deep enough
it's not easy to hénin
then I will place them in my stream
in you must I place them at the bottom and
I'm going to throw a glass of water in
hot fries and I hope immediately
it's gone for 20 minutes since 105
minutes before the end of cooking
I wanted to return my chopsticks
localized
good of a golden cut also on the
below attention after that's what it is
gave at the exit of the oven so here
they are golden brown the most we
let cool
to see the friend inside here is you
can see that the chopsticks they
are crispy and her friend
has arrived well that's thanks to the
push in the fridge